>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right, and
here's just some examples of how this is
executed, and you have your instances,
so your house, you have the office, and
then your house at countFloors is going to
show, it's gonna say, I have two floors.
theOffice.countFloors says
I have 12 floors, cool?
No surprises, we're good to go?
All right.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right, so
things to note, there are other ways
to implement classes in JavaScript,
this is sort of the industry standard.
Then it's what's expected.
There are lots of debates on them, which
one's better, how to do it specifically,
I'm not really gonna engage in that
right now, It's not really important for
what we're talking about.
You can search on the internet
different class patterns in JavaScript,
and people have lots of angry opinions
just like, it's like one of those tabs and
spaces kind of things.
They're super nitpicky about it,
however for your interviews you're
probably going to be expected to know
the pseudo classical style, most likely.
You might see elements of this in
you favorite JavaScript framework.
So even if you haven't done this and
created classes yourself,
you've probably been using
them in different way,
especially if you're using the key word,
new,
it's probably somewhere under the hood.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Awesome.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool, so
one last thing.
Subclassing and inheritance
are not covered in this course.
If you want more information you
can follow this link to the blog.
You can learn all about it.
It's very interesting,
also very important, but again,
outside of the scope of this class.